It was a nice day.
All the days had been nice. There had been rather more than seven of them so far, and rain hadn't
been invented yet. But clouds massing east of Eden suggested that the first thunderstorm was on its way,
and it was going to be a big one.
The angel of the Eastern Gate put his wings over his head to shield himself from the first drops.
"I'm sorry," he said politely. "What was it you were saying?"
"I said, that one went down like a lead balloon," said the serpent. 
Oh. Yes," said the angel, whose name was Aziraphale.
"I think it was a bit of an overreaction, to be honest," said the serpent. "I mean, first offense and
everything. I can't see what's so bad about knowing the difference between good and evil, anyway." 
"It must be bad," reasoned Aziraphale, in the slightly concerned tones of one who can't see it either,
and is worrying about it, "otherwise you wouldn't have been involved."
"They just said, Get up there and make some trouble," said the serpent, whose name was Crawly,
although he was thinking of changing it now. Crawly, he'd decided, was not it. 
"Yes, but you're a demon. I'm not sure if it's actually possible for you to do good," said Aziraphale.
"It's down to your basic, you know, nature. Nothing personal, you understand." 
"You've got to admit it's a bit of a pantomime, though," said Crawly. "I mean, pointing out the Tree
and saying 'Don't Touch' in big letters. Not very subtle, is it? I mean, why not put it on top of a high
mountain or a long way off? Makes you wonder what He's really planning."
"Best not to speculate, really," said Aziraphale. "You can't second-guess ineffability, I always say.
There's Right, and there's Wrong. If you do Wrong when you're told to do Right, you deserve to be
punished. Er." 
They sat in embarrassed silence, watching the raindrops bruise the first flowers.
Eventually Crawly said, "Didn't you have a flaming sword?"
"Er," said the angel. A guilty expression passed across his face, and then came back and camped
there.
"You did, didn't you?" said Crawly. "It flamed like anything."
"Er, well-"
"It looked very impressive, I thought."
"Yes, but, well-" 
2
"Lost it, have you?" 